Update doc for history and change section (#192)
cisco/mindmeld: source/versions/changes.rst

==============

MindMeld 4.3
-------------

> MindMeld 4.3 provides new features for developers to develop and streamline their conversational applications and incorporate the latest innovations in NLP. To read more about the latest changes in MindMeld 4.3, check out `our article on Medium <https://medium.com/p/9fededbab58e/>`_.

Reviewer: We'll have to shelve the changes to this file till the Medium post is actually published.

Reviewer 2: We could just incorp the quick summary I suggested below and not provide the external docs link yet.

> MindMeld 4.3 provides new features for developers to develop and streamline their conversational applications and incorporate the latest innovations in NLP. To read more about the latest changes in MindMeld 4.3, check out `our article on Medium <https://medium.com/p/9fededbab58e/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MindMeld 4.3 provides developers tools to build powerful question/answering systems, integrate with external clients, a new MindMeld enterprise blueprint and automatic slot filling. To read more about the latest changes in MindMeld 4.3, check out `our article on Medium <https://medium.com/p/9fededbab58e/>`_.
```
